# Sustainable Development Impact

This project aims to contribute to the conservation of vulnerable amphibian populations across the globe. Our system will aid to overcome the current difficulties faced in captive breeding and reintroduction efforts. If successful, the biodiversity of ecosystems would be restored.

We tried to preserve the species diversity of living organisms in four main ways.

First, we looked at several species of amphibians that overcame the disease, except for the extreme cases of anuran Panamanian golden frog (A.zeteki), which suffered from extinction. The most current conservation efforts is investigating the rate of suffering from chytridomycosis. Based on this, five agendas posted on "Harlequin Toad (Atelopus) Conservation Action Plan (2021-2041)". It investigated the density of existing species, confirmed the possibility of living stably in natural habitats, and consistently monitored whether survival was possible.

Second, we interviewed with Edgardo Griffth who is the Director & Founder of EVACC foundation. This open seminar is focused on conservation project. He told us that EVACC initially dealt with more than 50 species of amphibians, but now it is focusing on eight species and conducting conservation activities. He also informed us EVACC's ultimate goal is to preserve nature through environmental education beyond the preservation of amphibians. He then interested in our conservation project and added that if the project was successfully completed, it would be of great help to the association, and thanked us for having interest in the endangered toads.

Third, we also had an open Seminar with Prof. Matthew Fisher from Imperial College London. Prof. Matthew Fisher told us that he is conducting various research on the amphibian pathogen Bd. Most of his research is conducted in his laboratory but he emphasized the importance of international collaboration when dealing with such an international issue. The professor's words that the natural recovery of Chytridiomycosis disease is not so easy have spurred our research. This made us get stronger will to help endangered species.

Lastly, we focused on people. More people get interested in endangered species and collapsing ecosystem, more support would be possible, and better solutions could emerge. We made leaflet and promotion of communication channel on SNS(Instagram). We have placed leaflet throughout the school so that it can be viewed by as many students as possible, and we have listed a way to contact KUAS so that many people can also reach us online and share messages. Also, we started posting on the topic, emphasizing the dangers of superfungus and the importance of protecting amphibians by uploading about 3 articles every week. We communicated with the public about the theme of this year's project, such as introducing the conservation efforts of amphibians, and introducing endangered amphibians in addition to panamian golden frogs.

